# Web Development Using ASP.Net Homework Example
I chose to present these pieces of a web development assignment in order to showcase my ability to use ASP.NET to create a website which can be navigated using the sitemap. Inside of this project are several older projects for the same website which were added to the site, but I chose to omit these pieces from the navigable site because they were created under the guidance of the textbook and the professor. The navigation links which remain were created without the help of either a textbook or the professor.
# Using the Application
In order to use this application, you will need the latest version of Visual Studio as well as the ability to open ASP.NET web applications. The Visual Studio Installer can be used to install the ASP.NET and web development kit necessary to do so. When opening the project, open it as a Web Site and navigate to the Homework3 folder. The application is intended to run in Google Chrome, so when viewing the files in the solution explorer, please select Default.aspx and launch using IIS Express (Google Chrome)
# Notes
Because I removed pages I did not feel were relevant for presentation from the sitemap, these pages may not function properly if the user tries to launch them manually from the ASP.NET project. I decided to keep these files in the project because they were present during the iterative design process used to create the site as a whole over the semester. 
The site itself was designed with the lowest reasonable monitor resolution in mind so being able to view the contents of the page should not be an issue even on low resolution setups.
